case "AAPL": return "Apple Inc. designs, manufactures, and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players to consumers, small and mid-sized businesses, and education, enterprise, and government customers worldwide."
case "GOOGL": return "Alphabet Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides online advertising services in the United States, the United Kingdom, and rest of the world."
case "MSFT": return "Microsoft Corporation develops, licenses, and supports software products, services, and devices worldwide."
case "ORCL": return "Oracle Corporation develops, manufactures, markets, sells, hosts, and supports application, platform, and infrastructure technologies for information technology (IT) environments worldwide."
case "IBM": return "International Business Machines Corporation provides information technology (IT) products and services worldwide."
case "CSCO": return "Cisco Systems, Inc. designs, manufactures, and sells Internet Protocol (IP) based networking and other products related to the communications and information technology industry worldwide."
case "HPQ": return "HP Inc. provides products, technologies, software, solutions, and services to individual consumers, small- and medium-sized businesses, and large enterprises, including customers in the government, health, and education sectors worldwide."


case "ADBE": return "Adobe Systems Incorporated operates as a diversified software company worldwide."
case "INTU": return "Intuit Inc. provides financial management and compliance products and services for small businesses, consumers, self-employed, and accounting professionals in the United States and internationally."
case "ADSK": return "Autodesk, Inc. operates as a design software and services company worldwide."
case "NUAN": return "Nuance Communications, Inc. provides voice recognition and natural language understanding solutions worldwide."
case "FICO": return "Fair Isaac Corporation develops analytic, software, and data management products and services that enable businesses to automate, enhance, and connect decisions."
case "PEGA": return "Pegasystems, Inc. develops, markets, licenses, and software applications for marketing, sales, service, and operations in the United States and internationally."
case "MANH": return "Manhattan Associates, Inc. develops, sells, deploys, services, and maintains software solutions to manage supply chains, inventory, and omni-channel operations for retailers, wholesalers, manufacturers, logistics providers, and other organizations."
case "CALD": return "Callidus Software Inc. provides cloud-based sales, marketing, learning, and customer experience solutions worldwide."
case "TYPE": return "Monotype Imaging Holdings Inc. develops, markets, and licenses technologies and fonts in the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, Japan, and rest of Asia."
case "PRO": return "PROS Holdings, Inc. provides revenue and profit realization software solutions worldwide."
case "MODN": return "Model N, Inc. provides revenue management cloud solutions for the life science and technology industries."
case "EGAN": return "eGain Corporation provides cloud-based customer engagement software solutions worldwide."


case "ADSK": return "Autodesk, Inc. operates as a design software and services company worldwide."
case "SNPS": return "Synopsys, Inc. provides electronic design automation (EDA) software products used to design and test integrated circuits (ICs)."
case "CDNS": return "Cadence Design Systems, Inc. provides electronic design automation software, emulation and prototyping hardware, system interconnect, and analysis worldwide."
case "ANSS": return "ANSYS, Inc. develops and markets engineering simulation software and services used by engineers, designers, researchers, and students in the aerospace and defense, automotive, industrial equipment, electronics, biomedical, energy, materials and chemical processing, and semiconductors industries and academia worldwide."
case "PTC": return "PTC Inc. develops and delivers software products and solutions worldwide."
case "AZPN": return "Aspen Technology, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides software and services in the United States, Europe, and internationally."
case "EXA": return "Exa Corporation develops, sells, and supports simulation software and services primarily for vehicle manufacturers worldwide."


case "SSNC": return "SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc. provides software products and software-enabled services to financial service providers in North America, Europe, Asia, Australia, and Africa."
case "BR": return "Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. provides investor communications and technology-driven solutions for the financial services industry worldwide."
case "FDS": return "FactSet Research Systems Inc. provides integrated financial information and data analytical applications to the investment community in the United States, Europe, and the Asia Pacific."
case "FICO": return "Fair Isaac Corporation develops analytic, software, and data management products and services that enable businesses to automate, enhance, and connect decisions."
case "ACIW": return "ACI Worldwide, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, develops, markets, installs, and supports software products and services for facilitating electronic payments to financial institutions and intermediaries, merchants, and billers worldwide."
case "QTWO": return "Q2 Holdings, Inc. provides cloud-based digital banking solutions to regional and community financial institutions (RCFIs) in the United States."
case "EPAY": return "Bottomline Technologies (de), Inc. provides software as a service based solutions."


case "ATVI": return "Activision Blizzard, Inc. develops and publishes games for video game consoles, personal computers (PC), mobile devices, and online social platforms."
case "EA": return "Electronic Arts Inc. develops, markets, publishes, and distributes games, content, and services for game consoles, personal computers, mobile phones, and tablets worldwide."
case "TTWO": return "Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. develops, publishes, and markets interactive entertainment solutions for consumers worldwide."
case "ZNGA": return "Zynga Inc. develops, markets, and operates social games as live services played on the Internet, social networking sites, and mobile platforms in the United States and internationally."


case "VMW": return "VMware, Inc. provides virtualization and cloud infrastructure solutions in the United States and internationally."
case "RHT": return "Red Hat, Inc. provides open source software solutions to develop and offer operating system, virtualization, management, middleware, cloud, mobile, and storage technologies to various enterprises worldwide."
case "CTXS": return "Citrix Systems, Inc. provides an integrated platform for secure app and data delivery, and network functionality as a cloud-based service worldwide."
case "OTEX": return "Open Text Corporation provides a suite of software products and services that assist organizations in finding, utilizing, and sharing business information from various devices."
case "NTNX": return "Nutanix, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides an enterprise cloud operating system in North America, Europe, the Asia-Pacific, the Middle East, Latin America, and Africa."
case "PRGS": return "Progress Software Corporation provides software solutions for various industries worldwide."
case "ATEN": return "A10 Networks, Inc. provides software and hardware solutions in the United States, Japan, and internationally."
case "AVID": return "Avid Technology, Inc. develops, markets, sells, and supports software and hardware for digital media content production, management, and distribution worldwide."


case "SPLK": return "Splunk Inc. provides software solutions that enable organizations to gain real-time operational intelligence in the United States and internationally."
case "DATA": return "Tableau Software, Inc. provides business analytics software products."
case "NEWR": return "New Relic, Inc., a software-as-a-service company, provides digital intelligence products worldwide."
case "VRNS": return "Varonis Systems, Inc. provides software solutions that protect data from insider threats and cyberattacks."
case "HDP": return "Hortonworks, Inc. creates, distributes, and supports a class of enterprise data management software solutions built on open source technology in the United States, the United Kingdom, and internationally."
case "MSTR": return "MicroStrategy Incorporated provides enterprise software platforms worldwide."


case "SYMC": return "Symantec Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, provides cybersecurity solutions worldwide."
case "NOW": return "ServiceNow, Inc. provides enterprise cloud computing solutions that define, structure, manage, and automate services for enterprises worldwide."
case "CA": return "CA, Inc. provides software and solutions that help organizations to plan, develop, manage, and secure applications and enterprise environments in the United States and internationally."
case "NTCT": return "NetScout Systems, Inc. provides real-time operational intelligence and performance analytics for service assurance, and cybersecurity solutions in the United States, Europe, Asia, and internationally."
case "CVLT": return "Commvault Systems, Inc. provides data and information management software applications and related services in the United States and internationally."


case "AKAM": return "Akamai Technologies, Inc. provides cloud services for delivering, optimizing, and securing content and business applications over the Internet in the United States and internationally."
case "GDDY": return "GoDaddy Inc. designs and develops cloud-based technology products for small businesses, Web design professionals, and individuals in the United States and internationally."
case "EIGI": return "Endurance International Group Holdings, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides cloud-based platform solutions for small-and medium-sized businesses worldwide."
case "BSFT": return "BroadSoft, Inc. provides software and services that enable telecommunications service providers to deliver hosted cloud-based unified communications (UC) to their enterprise customers in North America, Europe, the Middle East, and Africa."
case "LLNW": return "Limelight Networks, Inc. provides content delivery network services to deliver digital content over the Internet in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia Pacific."
case "PFSW": return "PFSweb, Inc. provides omni-channel commerce solutions in the United States, Europe, Canada, and India."
case "RNWK": return "RealNetworks, Inc. provides network-delivered digital media applications and services to manage, play, and share digital media."


case "ADBE": return "Adobe Systems Incorporated operates as a diversified software company worldwide."
case "CRM": return "Salesforce.com, inc. develops enterprise cloud computing solutions with a focus on customer relationship management."
case "INTU": return "Intuit Inc. provides financial management and compliance products and services for small businesses, consumers, self-employed, and accounting professionals in the United States and internationally."
case "ADSK": return "Autodesk, Inc. operates as a design software and services company worldwide."
case "WDAY": return "Workday, Inc. provides enterprise cloud applications for finance and human resources worldwide."
case "NOW": return "ServiceNow, Inc. provides enterprise cloud computing solutions that define, structure, manage, and automate services for enterprises worldwide."
case "SQ": return "Square, Inc. develops and provides payment processing, point-of-sale (POS), financial, and marketing services worldwide."
case "LOGM": return "LogMeIn, Inc. provides cloud-based services for individuals and businesses to securely connect to their workplace, colleagues, and customers."
case "ULTI": return "The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. provides cloud-based human capital management solutions primarily to enterprise companies in the United States and Canada."
case "PAYC": return "Paycom Software, Inc. provides cloud-based human capital management (HCM) software solution that is delivered as software-as-a-service for small to mid-sized companies in the United States."
case "PFPT": return "Proofpoint, Inc. operates as a security-as-a-service (SaaS) provider that enables large and mid-sized organizations to defend, protect, archive, and govern their sensitive data worldwide."
case "RNG": return "RingCentral, Inc. provides software-as-a-service solutions for business communications in the United States and internationally."
case "HUBS": return "HubSpot, Inc. provides a cloud-based marketing and sales software platform for businesses in the Americas, Europe, and the Asia Pacific."
case "ZEN": return "Zendesk, Inc., a software development company, provides software-as-a-service products for organizations."
case "TWLO": return "Twilio Inc. provides a cloud communications platform that enables developers to build, scale, and operate communications within software applications through the cloud in the United States and internationally."
case "TTD": return "The Trade Desk, Inc., a technology company, operates a self-service cloud-based platform that enables advertising buyers to create, manage, and optimize data-driven digital advertising campaigns using their own teams in the United States and internationally."
case "BOX": return "Box, Inc. provides cloud content management platform that enables organizations of various sizes to manage their enterprise content from anywhere."
case "PCTY": return "Paylocity Holding Corporation provides cloud-based payroll and human capital management (HCM) software solutions for medium-sized organizations in the United States."
case "CSOD": return "Cornerstone OnDemand, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides human capital management software through software-as-a-service model worldwide."
case "BL": return "BlackLine, Inc. provides financial accounting close solutions delivered as a Software as a Service in the United States and internationally."
case "QLYS": return "Qualys, Inc. provides cloud-based security and compliance solutions in the United States and internationally."
case "CALD": return "Callidus Software Inc. provides cloud-based sales, marketing, learning, and customer experience solutions worldwide."
case "FIVN": return "Five9, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides cloud software for contact centers in the United States and internationally."
case "EGHT": return "8x8, Inc. provides cloud-based, enterprise-class software solutions for small and medium businesses, mid-market, and distributed enterprises worldwide."
case "WK": return "Workiva Inc. provides cloud solutions for enterprises to improve productivity, accountability, and insight into business data in the United States and internationally."
case "LPSN": return "LivePerson, Inc. provides mobile and online business messaging solutions that power digital communication between brands and consumers."
case "APTI": return "Apptio, Inc. provides cloud-based technology business management (TBM) solutions to enterprises."
case "BV": return "Bazaarvoice, Inc. provides marketing tools to retailer and brand clients for understanding consumer voice."
case "SREV": return "ServiceSource International, Inc. provides recurring revenue management, maintenance, support, and subscription for technology and technology-enabled healthcare and life sciences companies."
case "BCOV": return "Brightcove Inc. provides cloud-based services for video."
case "SYNC": return "Synacor, Inc. operates as a technology development, multiplatform services, and revenue partner for video, Internet, and communications providers; and device manufacturers, governments, and enterprises."
case "MRIN": return "Marin Software Incorporated operates a cross-channel advertising cloud platform in the United States and internationally."


case "SYMC": return "Symantec Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, provides cybersecurity solutions worldwide."
case "PANW": return "Palo Alto Networks, Inc. provides security platform solutions worldwide."
case "FTNT": return "Fortinet, Inc. provides cybersecurity solutions for enterprises, service providers, and government organizations worldwide."
case "PFPT": return "Proofpoint, Inc. operates as a security-as-a-service (SaaS) provider that enables large and mid-sized organizations to defend, protect, archive, and govern their sensitive data worldwide."
case "FEYE": return "FireEye, Inc. provides cybersecurity solutions that allow organizations to prepare for, prevent, respond to, and remediate cyber-attacks."
case "QLYS": return "Qualys, Inc. provides cloud-based security and compliance solutions in the United States and internationally."
case "IMPV": return "Imperva, Inc. engages in the development, market, sale, and support of cyber security solutions that protect business critical data and applications in the cloud or on premises worldwide."
case "CUDA": return "Barracuda Networks, Inc. designs and delivers security and data protection solutions."
case "SCWX": return "SecureWorks Corp. provides intelligence-driven information security solutions focused on protecting organizations from cyber-attacks."
case "RPD": return "Rapid7, Inc. provides security data and analytics solutions that enable organizations to implement an analytics-driven approach to cyber security and IT operations."
case "VDSI": return "VASCO Data Security International, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, designs, develops, and markets digital solutions for identity, security, and business productivity."
case "MOBL": return "MobileIron, Inc. provides a purpose-built mobile IT platform that enables enterprises to secure and manage mobile applications, content, and devices while providing their employees with device choice, privacy, and a native user experience."
case "ZIXI": return "Zix Corporation provides email encryption, data loss prevention (DLP), and Bring-Your-Own-Device (BYOD) security solutions to the healthcare, financial services, insurance, and government sectors in the United States."


case "VRSN": return "VeriSign, Inc. provides domain name registry services and Internet security worldwide."
case "DOX": return "Amdocs Limited, through its subsidiaries, provides software and services solutions to the communications, entertainment, and media industry service providers worldwide."
case "RNG": return "RingCentral, Inc. provides software-as-a-service solutions for business communications in the United States and internationally."
case "BSFT": return "BroadSoft, Inc. provides software and services that enable telecommunications service providers to deliver hosted cloud-based unified communications (UC) to their enterprise customers in North America, Europe, the Middle East, and Africa."
case "SNCR": return "Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. provides cloud solutions and software-based activation for connected devices worldwide."
case "SONS": return "Sonus Networks, Inc. provides networked solutions worldwide."
case "IPAS": return "iPass Inc. provides mobile connectivity that enables Wi-Fi access on various mobile devices in the United States and internationally."


case "ADSK": return "Autodesk, Inc. operates as a design software and services company worldwide."
case "TRMB": return "Trimble Inc. provides technology solutions to enhance the work processes of office and mobile field professionals worldwide."
case "VEEV": return "Veeva Systems Inc. provides cloud-based software for the life sciences industry in North America, Europe, the Asia Pacific, and internationally."
case "GWRE": return "Guidewire Software, Inc. provides software products for property and casualty insurers."
case "AZPN": return "Aspen Technology, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides software and services in the United States, Europe, and internationally."
case "ATHN": return "athenahealth, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides network-based medical record, revenue cycle, patient engagement, care coordination, and population health services for medical groups and health systems."
case "BLKB": return "Blackbaud, Inc. provides cloud software solutions to nonprofits, foundations, corporations, education institutions, healthcare organizations, and other charitable giving entities in the United States, Canada, Europe, and Australia."
case "MDSO": return "Medidata Solutions, Inc. provides cloud-based solutions for life sciences worldwide."
case "RP": return "RealPage, Inc. provides software and data analytics for the real estate industry in the United States."
case "TWOU": return "2U, Inc. provides cloud-based software-as-a-service (SaaS) solutions for nonprofit colleges and universities to deliver education to students."
case "ELLI": return "Ellie Mae, Inc. provides on-demand software solutions and services for the residential mortgage industry in the United States."
case "INOV": return "Inovalon Holdings, Inc., a technology company, provides cloud-based platforms empowering a data-driven transformation from volume-based to value-based models throughout the healthcare industry."
case "ALRM": return "Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. provides cloud-based software platform solutions for the smart homes and businesses in the United States and internationally."
case "QTWO": return "Q2 Holdings, Inc. provides cloud-based digital banking solutions to regional and community financial institutions (RCFIs) in the United States."
case "TDOC": return "Teladoc, Inc. operates a telehealth platform that provides on-demand healthcare services to its members in the United States."
case "MB": return "MINDBODY, Inc. operates a cloud-based business management software and payments platform for the small and medium-sized businesses in the wellness services industry."
case "INST": return "Instructure, Inc. provides cloud-based learning management platform for academic institutions and companies worldwide."
case "CSLT": return "Castlight Health, Inc. operates a health benefits platform in the United States."
case "UPLD": return "Upland Software, Inc. provides cloud-based enterprise work management software in the United States, Canada, and internationally."


case "TYL": return "Tyler Technologies, Inc. provides integrated information management solutions and services for the public sector with a focus on local governments in the United States and internationally."
case "NATI": return "National Instruments Corporation designs, manufactures, and sells systems to engineers and scientists worldwide."
case "EBIX": return "Ebix, Inc. provides software and e-commerce solutions to insurance, finance, and healthcare industries."


case "MCK": return "McKesson Corporation provides pharmaceuticals and medical supplies in the United States and internationally."
case "CERN": return "Cerner Corporation designs, develops, markets, installs, hosts, and supports health care information technology, health care devices, hardware, and content solutions for health care organizations and consumers in the United States and internationally."
case "ATHN": return "athenahealth, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides network-based medical record, revenue cycle, patient engagement, care coordination, and population health services for medical groups and health systems."
case "MDRX": return "Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc. provides information technology and services to healthcare organizations in the United States, Canada, and internationally."
case "INOV": return "Inovalon Holdings, Inc., a technology company, provides cloud-based platforms empowering a data-driven transformation from volume-based to value-based models throughout the healthcare industry."
case "QSII": return "Quality Systems, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, develops and markets software and services that automate various aspects of practice management (PM) and electronic health records for medical and dental practices in the United States."
case "CSLT": return "Castlight Health, Inc. operates a health benefits platform in the United States."


case "LOPE": return "Grand Canyon Education, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides postsecondary education services in the United States and Canada."
case "TWOU": return "2U, Inc. provides cloud-based software-as-a-service (SaaS) solutions for nonprofit colleges and universities to deliver education to students."
case "CHGG": return "Chegg, Inc. operates student-first connected learning platform that help students transition from high school to college to career."
case "INST": return "Instructure, Inc. provides cloud-based learning management platform for academic institutions and companies worldwide."
case "STRA": return "Strayer Education, Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides a range of post-secondary education and other academic programs in the United States."
case "CPLA": return "Capella Education Company, through its subsidiaries, provides online postsecondary education and job-ready skills development services in the United States."
case "LRN": return "K12 Inc., a technology-based education company, together with its subsidiaries, provides online curriculum, software systems, and educational services to facilitate individualized learning for students primarily in kindergarten through 12th grade in the United States and internationally."
case "RST": return "Rosetta Stone Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides technology-based learning products in the United States and internationally."
case "APEI": return "American Public Education, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides online and campus-based postsecondary education."
